Update glossary (#2184)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: docs/glossary.md

---

> title: 'Glossary'

Reviewer: I think we need this line back (or push the `# Glossary` header to the absolute first line before the anchors). Otherwise the sidebar renders the title in lowercase.

# Glossary

List of frequently used terms and acronyms.

<a id="term-ABI"></a>

## ABI

> **A**pplication **B**inary **I**nterface. ABI is a document that comprehensively defines the binary system interface between applications and the operating system on which they run. [Learn More at Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface) or [pypackaging-native](https://pypackaging-native.github.io/background/binary_interface).

Reviewer: Why did you remove the `pypackaging` reference?

Author: Snafu. It's back now.

[Learn more](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_binary_interface).

<a id="term-CDN"></a>

## CDN

Content Delivery Network. CDNs are geographically distributed networks of servers that mirror the contents of a primary source. Having multiple servers offering the same content increases performance (reduced latency, higher download speeds) and availability.

[Learn more](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network).

<a id="term-CDT"></a>

## CDT

> Core Dependency Tree. Core Dependency Tree packages take care of the dependencies that are so close to the system that they are not packaged with conda-forge. A CDT package consists of repackaged CentOS binaries from the appropriate version, either 6 or 7 depending on user choice and platform.

Reviewer: This part will get out of date soon. I think it's better to have this last sentence present an example.

> For example, in conda-forge, we have used repackaged CentOS 6 or 7 for some time.

[Learn more](https://conda-forge.org/docs/maintainer/knowledge_base.html#cdt-packages).

<a id="term-CFEP"></a>

## CFEP

Conda Forge Enhancement Proposal. A CFEP is a document that outlines a suggested change to how the conda-forge project operates, from a technical standpoint as well as to address social topics such as governance and expected conduct.

[Learn More](https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/blob/main/cfep-01.md/).

<a id="term-CI"></a>

## CI

Continuous Integration. Continuous integration is the practice of automating the integration of code changes from multiple contributors into a single software project.

[Learn More](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration).

<a id="term-CLI"></a>

## CLI

> Command Line Interface. A program in which commands are entered as text, one line at a time, for a computer to execute. This is done in the Miniforge Prompt in Windows, and in a terminal in macOS and Linux. `conda` is executed in a CLI.

Reviewer: I would rephrase the last two sentences to make sure people understand they are concrete examples.

Author: Hm. To be honest, I am not thrilled about the entire explanation. What do we mean here with CLI? Imho, it can be either "the program that takes the command-line and launches the desired program", i.e. power shell, bash, etc.; or it can be the interface offered by programs such as `conda` including parameters etc.

When I say CLI, I usually mean the latter. The explanation here starts out with the former, but than kind of mangles the two; imho, the linked explanation on wikipedia refers to the second meaning.

Author: So I would most like to rewrite with the second meaning. Something along the lines of
```suggestion

## CLI

Command Line Interface. A textual interface of a program that allows the user to control the program with a single command line, which is entered in a command-line environment, such as the Miniforge Prompt on Windows, or a terminal on MacOS and Linux. An example for a program offering a CLI is `conda`.
```

[Learn More](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface).

<a id="term-Conda-channel"></a>

## Conda channel

Conda channels are the locations where packages are stored. They serve as the base for hosting and managing packages. `conda-forge` is one example of a conda channel.

[Learn More](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/concepts/channels.html).

<a id="term-Conda-package"></a>

## Conda package

A conda package is a `.tar.bz2` or `.conda` archive that contains libraries, executable programs, data files and other components, as well as metadata under the `info/` directory. Its contents are unpacked in the installation prefix.

> [Learn More](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conda_(package_manager)>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn More](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conda_(package_manager)).
```
